Authentication documentation (#178)
Soluto/stitch: docs/authorization.md

**_Important!_** The [order of directives](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/blob/master/spec/Section%202%20--%20Language.md#directives) does matter! The directives are applied in order they appear in schema. Object type directives are applied before field definition directives.

The `@policy` directive is required to be set **the last** either on object type or field definition.

## Base policy

> Any policy (that doesn't contains query) can be set as base policy. Base policy is applied automatically to every single field in query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any policy (that doesn't contain a query) can be set as base policy. Base policy is applied automatically to every single field in query.
```

> If field has `@policy` directive both base policy and the attached policy will be checked. Base policy will be checked first. If the attached policy defined with `shouldOverrideBasePolicy` option the base policy won't be checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If field has `@policy` directive both base policy and the attached policy will be checked. Base policy will be checked first. If the attached policy is defined with the `shouldOverrideBasePolicy` option, the base policy won't be checked.
```
